Dan Gray
Mark Hauschild
OS - Project 5 - Resource Management

This program (oss) creates processes and allocates/deallocates resources to them, blocks them if necessary, and removes them when they're done.
Oss may allocate a random amount of a random resource (that they need) to a process when they put in a request for resources.  When the request
is made, oss runs Deadlock Avoidance algorithm to make sure there are enough resources to satisfy the requesting process' Max Claims.
If there aren't enough resources available to satisfy that process' Max Claim for a resource oss will put that process into
that resources blocked queue until the right amount of resources becomes available to safely allocate a number of resources to that process.
The processes may also deallocate a random resource that they already have. The processes my also terminate at a random time.
When this happens, it lets oss know so that it may remove it from the Process Table (bit vector).  When oss does this it will wait on that
process' process Id then decrement the process counter that keeps track of the number of processes currently running.  When the counter
is decremented it may allow another process to be created and execute.


Commands to run program:
        1) make oss
        2) make process
        3) oss (this executes the program)

Variables that may be safely changed to modify how program runs:
(getopt wasn't a requirement, so not putting time into doing something not necessary)
	int numAllowedConcurrently = 5;//Number of processes allowed to run at the same time
	int totalNumAllowed = 15;//Number of processes allowing to be created
	double runTime = 10;//Time the program can run until in stops (seconds)

Things Noticed:
When there are more processes running *Concurrently*, all of the statistic times tend to increase.  
This also increases the chance of deadlock and being blocked because of insufficient resources.
We can allow it to create many processes over it's lifetime, but the amount running concurrently
is what can really change things.
